README.md, before:

# TypeScript Boilerplate

🚀 Welcome to the **TypeScript Boilerplate**! This template is part of the **Kickstart Node.js** collection, designed to help you quickly start new Node.js projects with modern tools and best practices.

## What's Inside?

This boilerplate uses the following technologies and tools:

- **TypeScript**: For type safety and scalability.
- **ESLint**: To ensure code quality with recommended rules.
- **Prettier**: For consistent code formatting.
- **Husky**: To manage Git hooks for pre-commit checks.
- **Lint-Staged**: To run linters on staged files.
- **TSX**: For fast TypeScript execution in development.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone htps://github.com/nonqme/kickstart-nodejs.git
   cd typescript
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Run the project:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Scripts

- `start`: Starts the application in production mode.
- `dev`: Starts the development server with hot reloading.
- `build`: Compiles the TypeScript code into JavaScript.
- `lint`: Runs ESLint to check for code quality issues.
- `lint:fix`: Automatically fixes linting issues.
- `format`: Formats the code using Prettier.
- `prepare`: Sets up Husky hooks for pre-commit checks.

Commit message:

docs: update README.md with new script, remove lint-staged

README.md, after:

# TypeScript Boilerplate

🚀 Welcome to the **TypeScript Boilerplate**! This template is part of the **Kickstart Node.js** collection, designed to help you quickly start new Node.js projects with modern tools and best practices.

## What's Inside?

This boilerplate uses the following technologies and tools:

- **Node.js**: The runtime for executing JavaScript and TypeScript code.
- **TypeScript**: For type safety and scalability.
- **ESLint**: To ensure code quality with recommended rules.
- **Prettier**: For consistent code formatting.
- **Husky**: To manage Git hooks for pre-commit checks.
- **TSX**: For fast TypeScript execution in development.
- **Node.Js test runner**: For running tests in Node.js.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone htps://github.com/nonqme/kickstart-nodejs.git
   cd typescript
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Run the project:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Scripts

- `prepare`: Sets up Husky hooks for pre-commit checks.
- `start`: Starts the application in production mode.
- `dev`: Starts the development server with hot reloading.
- `build`: Compiles the TypeScript code into JavaScript.
- `lint`: Runs ESLint to check for code quality issues.
- `lint:fix`: Automatically fixes linting issues.
- `format`: Formats the code using Prettier.
- `check`: Run type checking with TypeScript.
- `test`: Runs tests using Node.js test runner.
